https://drive.google.com/file/d/14JlLi_AAhRhMNnHeYWrhUuKqEfLncGly/view?usp=sharing

1.	Specifics about this infrastructure:
For every additional element, why you are adding it?
Every element added bassically serves the function of increasing productivity of the system especially in high traffic situations.

What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it works?
The HAProxy load balancer is configured with the Round Robin distribution algorithm. This algorithm works by using each server behind the load balancer in turns, according to their weights. It’s also probably the smoothest and most fair algorithm as the servers' processing time stays equally distributed. As a dynamic algorithm, Round Robin allows server weights to be adjusted on the go.

Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain the difference between both?
The HAProxy load balancer enables an Active-Passive rather than an Active-Active setup. In Active-Active setup, the load balancer distributes workloads across all nodesin order to prevent any single node from getting overloaded. Because there are more nodes available to serve, there will also be a marked improvement in throughput and response times. On the other hand, in an Active-Passive setup, not all nodes are going to be active (capable of receiving workloads at all times). In the case of two nodes, for example, if the first node is already active, the second node must be passive or on standby. The second or the next passive node can become an active node if the preceding node is inactive.

How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works?
A Primary-replica setup configures one server to act as the Primary server and the other server to act as a Replica of the Primary server. However, whilst the Primary server is capable of performing read/write requests, the Replica server is only capable of performing read requests. Data is synchronized between the Primary and Replicaservers whenever the primary server executes a write operation.

What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to the application?
The primary node is responsible for all the write operations the site needs whilst the Replica node is capable of processing read operations, which decreases the read traffic to the Primary node.

2.	Issues with this infrastructure:
Where are SPOF
There are multiple SPOF (Single point of failure). For example, if the Primary MySQL database server is down, the entire site would be unable to make changes to the site (including adding or removing users). The server containing the load balancer, and the application server connecting to the primary database server are also SPOFs.

Security issues (no firewall, no HTTPS)
The data transmitted over the network isn't encrypted using an SSL certificate so hackers can spy on the network. There is no way of blocking unauthorized IPs since there is no firewall installed on the server.

No monitoring
We have no way of knowing the status of each server since there is no system in place to monitor the servers.
